ID-83 (#67)
dltxio/blockchain-id: README.md

> Each time an exchange requests an ID verifycation from a user, the provider charges the exchange a fee.  Further, users are required to provide KYC information and have it verified for each and every onboarding, instead of a portable, reusable verification from a trusted provider.  By locally storing user's verified information, we can enhance the customer onboarding experience and reduce costs incurred by Vendors.

Reviewer: verification

## The Tech

> Idem uses a verify of crytographic protocols to sign and encrypt your data,  PGP/GPG encryption is used to securely store data on your device.  Futhermore, Idem uses the Ethereum eliptic curve to sign claims which is inline with the DID foundations verifiable claims schema.  Transactions on the Ethereum Testnetwokr "Kovan" will be signed with the ETH account `0xE4ed9ceF6989CFE9da7c1Eec8c2299141dD9e7cC`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Idem uses a verify of cryptographic protocols to sign and encrypt your data,  PGP/GPG encryption is used to securely store data on your device.  Furthermore, Idem uses the Ethereum elliptic curve to sign claims which is inline with the DID foundations verifiable claims schema.  Transactions on the Ethereum Test Network "Kovan" will be signed with the ETH account `0xE4ed9ceF6989CFE9da7c1Eec8c2299141dD9e7cC`
```

## Intent
Idem is designed to be used in two ways with third parties such as crypto exchanges. 

> 1. Onboarding / Registering new users who do not have an account on a third party (User Story 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Onboarding / Registering new users who do not have an account on a third party platform (User Story 1)
```

> 1. Onboarding / Registering new users who do not have an account on a third party (User Story 1)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Onboarding / Registering new users who do not have an account on the third party platform (User Story 1)
```
